{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel0 \b \fs36 Brief \u8212- Demo Script\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 A ~90-second walkthrough of the Brief prototype for Chris. Live demo URL: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://robinbhaduri-eng.github.io/granola-brief-prototype/?demo=brief"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://robinbhaduri-eng.github.io/granola-brief-prototype/?demo=brief
}}}
\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Before you start\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Hard-reload} (Cmd+Shift+R) so the \u8220"Meeting detected\u8221" Chrome notification animates in cleanly.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Resize browser to \u8805 ? 1024px} so the sidebar shows (it intentionally hides below 1024px \u8212- per BRIEF Section 16 \u8220"responsive below 1024px is out of scope\u8221").\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab The demo runs in the order {\b Meeting 1 \u8594 ? 2 \u8594 ? 3} to deliver the full arc on Meeting 1 first, then demonstrate portfolio breadth on Meetings 2 and 3.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab If you ever need to reset, just hit the URL again.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Opening (5 s)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"It\u8217's Tuesday morning. You\u8217've got Michael in 10 minutes, a pricing review at 10:10, and the roadmap sync at 10:40. Today, when you click Michael, Granola shows you \u8216'ready to record.\u8217' Here\u8217's what we\u8217're proposing instead.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Open the URL. The {\b \u8220"Meeting detected\u8221"} Chrome notification appears top-right within a beat \u8212- that\u8217's the trigger for the full arc.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Meeting 1 \u183 ? Catch-up with Michael {\i (the full arc)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Beat 1 \u8212- The Brief itself (20 s)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Point at the canvas, don\u8217't click yet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"This is the meeting canvas. But instead of an empty \u8216'ready to record\u8217' state, Granola hands you one thing worth knowing. Two parts.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i The room at the top \u8212- Michael Mignano, Partner at USV, last met two weeks ago \u8212- and the open thread: {\b you owe him a reaction to the head-of-sales candidate he sent.} Granola knows that because it heard him send the intro on the last call and watched it never come back through your reply.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i Then below \u8212- {\b worth knowing} \u8212- Granola noticed that {\b two assumptions behind that head-of-sales pipeline have shifted this week.} Maddie has a competing offer. Your backup signed elsewhere Tuesday. You\u8217're walking in thinking you have two finalists \u8212- you don\u8217't.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Beat 2 \u8212- Reveal (15 s)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b Show what shifted}. Three lines unfold inline with citations.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"Three lines, cited to the actual meetings the data came from. {\b Recruiter sync Monday \u8212- Maddie called Elliot about the competing offer, asked for 48 hours.} Elliot\u8217's 1:1 with you Tuesday morning \u8212- your backup signed elsewhere, came up in passing and you almost missed it. {\b Net: the two-candidate pipeline you walked in two weeks ago is now a one-candidate decision on a 48-hour clock.}\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 (If asked: clicking {\f1 Open full note \u8594 ?} would take you to the candidate tracker \u8212- out of scope to navigate during the demo.)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel2 \b \fs28 Beat 3 \u8212- The full arc (25 s) \u183 ? the wow moment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"OK, I want to bring this up with Michael. One click.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b Bring this up}. Inline confirmation: {\f1 \u10003 ? Saved to your Michael brief.} Undo is there for 4 s.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"This is where it stops being a passive sidebar. That one click follows me into the meeting.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b Take Notes} on the Chrome notification.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"\u8230 ?Recording started \u8212- bring up: head-of-sales pipeline. Granola\u8217's existing recording notification just carried the prep forward. And when the note opens \u8212-\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The meeting note view appears with the pinned bullet at the top.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"\u8212- it\u8217's already at the top of the agenda. Subtle olive mark on the left, no badge \u8212- reads like a normal note bullet. The full thread: {\b Maddie has a competing offer on a 48-hour clock, and the backup signed elsewhere.} Ready to reference mid-conversation. {\b One click, three places it shows up.}\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Optional: point at the agenda items below the pinned bullet \u8212-\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"And the rest of the agenda is investor-shaped: Q3 launch status, ARR ramp + round timing, anything Michael is hearing.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Meeting 2 \u183 ? Pricing v3 review {\i (demonstrate breadth \u8212- Category B)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b \u8592 ? Back to brief}, then in the sidebar click {\b Pricing v3 review} (or in the URL bar append {\f1 &meeting=pricing-v3-review}).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"Different meeting, different category. Pricing review in 30 minutes.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i Look at the top of the room \u8212- {\b Nikola and Sam are both there, pushing from different angles.} Your CTO is worried about the eng cost of metering. Your co-founder Sam is worried about how it reads to your indie users \u8212- Granola\u8217's brand grew on indie + SMB and a metered tier could feel enterprise-only. Maya ran the willingness-to-pay test, Theo\u8217's drafting the legal review.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i Granola knows all of that \u8212- and yet the Brief surfaces none of them as the insight. The bigger thing is that {\b Pat from infra has been raising your exact concern in 6 prior meetings, and Pat\u8217's not on this invite.}\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b Ping Pat for a quick read}. Modal opens with a drafted message.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"Two actions. I can bring it up myself. Or, since Pat\u8217's not in the room, I can ping Pat for a quick read. {\b Drafts. Never sends.} I read it, edit if I want, copy it out manually. The only Brief action that touches the outside world, and even then only as a draft.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Close modal.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Meeting 3 \u183 ? H2 roadmap sync {\i (demonstrate breadth \u8212- Category E)}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Click {\b \u8592 ? Back} (or {\f1 &meeting=h2-roadmap-sync} in URL).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"Different category again. Roadmap sync in an hour. Five people from across the org are in the room \u8212- Nikola steering eng, Sam pushing for fewer themes, Maya pushing the H2 retention bet, Iris scoping data handling for SOC2, Alex cross-cutting on design. And {\b Elliot, your recruiter, is waiting on your feedback on the PM finalists} \u8212- that\u8217's three days stale.}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i But the insight Granola surfaces is none of those. It\u8217's that {\b Growth and Trust have both been discussing the Spaces warnings flow this month, from opposite framings. Retention vs safety. They haven\u8217't connected.} Today\u8217's sync is the first room with people from both.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Close (5 s)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\i \u8220"Three meetings, three insight categories, one full arc end-to-end. The bet is {\b quiet over comprehensive.} Most meetings won\u8217't have a hero insight \u8212- and that\u8217's the point. When one appears \u8212- like the Pat thing today \u8212- it lands.\u8221"}\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Demo time budget\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx4320\clbrdrb\brdrs\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Section\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Estimate\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Opening\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Meeting 1 Beat 1 (Brief)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 20 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Meeting 1 Beat 2 (Reveal)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 15 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Meeting 1 Beat 3 (the arc)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 25 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Meeting 2 (Pat + Ping)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 20 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Meeting 3 (Growth/Trust)\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 15 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Close\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 5 s\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Total}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b ~1 min 45 s}\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Anticipated questions + back-pocket answers\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: How does Granola pick the \u8220"one thing\u8221"?} > The portfolio is five categories (Section 5 of the brief \u8212- A/B/C/D/E). Per meeting Granola ranks them by how strongly the data supports a real surprise, and picks the top one. If nothing clears the bar, the Brief is just \u8220"the room\u8221" \u8212- which is the deliberate quiet-over-comprehensive design.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What about Pat \u8212- would they be offended you didn\u8217't invite them?} > The action is {\i Ping Pat for a quick read} \u8212- a draft, never sent. You decide whether to send. It\u8217's Pat-aware, not Pat-bypassing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Is this just chat with a different UI?} > No.\u160 ?Chat is the user asking. The Brief is Granola surfacing one thing \u8212- unprompted, at the moment it matters. It\u8217's the inverse direction.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Why not three modules / a sidebar tab?} > Section 10 of the brief \u8212- modules make the user {\i look for} the org intel Granola has. The Brief flips that: one load-bearing thing at the moment the user needs it, then it gets out of the way.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: What happens if Granola is wrong?} > The micro-actions are designed for cheap retreat. {\i Bring this up} is undoable. The pinned bullet is dismissable on hover. {\i Ping Pat} never sends. The only cost of a bad surface is two seconds of attention.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Q: Why does the recording notification say \u8220"Chrome\u8221"?} > That\u8217's the existing Granola notification \u8212- it surfaces when Granola detects a meeting in your browser. The Brief reuses it (Beat 2 of the arc), only the copy carries forward the prep \u8212- see Section 12 of the brief: \u8220"visually indistinguishable from today\u8217's Granola recording notification except for the appended bring-up copy.\u8221"\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 Deep links (skip the click-around in a re-run)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Meeting 1 (default): {\f1 ?demo=brief}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Meeting 2: {\f1 ?demo=brief&meeting=pricing-v3-review}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Meeting 3: {\f1 ?demo=brief&meeting=h2-roadmap-sync}\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \outlinelevel1 \b \fs32 What\u8217's deliberately not in this demo\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Category C ({\i what they\u8217've been carrying}) and D ({\i open loops between you two}) \u8212- in the portfolio for context, but the three meetings cover A, B, and E to demonstrate breadth (per BRIEF Section 17 acceptance criteria).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Mobile / responsive below 1024 px.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Empty-Brief state \u8212- there is no \u8220"quiet meeting\u8221" in this demo even though the design bet calls for one. Worth flagging to Chris that \u8220"most meetings will be quiet\u8221" is a bet to test; the demo intentionally over-indexes on loaded meetings to demonstrate the portfolio.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Any new chrome in the existing Granola app. Per Section 17: \u8220"The Brief adds zero new pieces of chrome to the existing app.\u8221"\sa180\par}
